- PREVIOUSLY THIS SEASON
ONMILLION DOLLAR LISTING
NEW YORK...
- WOW.
- OH, MY GOD.
THIS IS BEAUTIFUL.
- RIGHT NOW,
WE'RE IN A VERY CRAZY MARKET.
IT'S NOT ABOUT SELLING UNITS.
IT'S ABOUT SELLING THEM
FOR THE TOP DOLLAR.
- [gasps]
"5.350 IS A GO.
WAY TO GO, FREDDY."
- ALL RIGHT.
[both cheering]
- 3.9.
3.9.
YES!
- 11.95.
YOU'RE GONNA GET
YOUR [bleep] DEAL.
- OH, MY GOD.
BIGGEST DEAL OF MY CAREER.
LET'S GO.
YOU ARE NOT GONNA
[bleep] THIS UP FOR ME.
- ARE YOU SURE?
YOU WANT THIS IN YOUR MOUTH?
- I SWEAR TO GOD,
I WILL BREAK YOUR TEETH.
- IT WAS
THE MOST HUMILIATING THING
ANYONE'S EVER DONE TO ME.
- DO YOU WANT ME
TO CRY IN FRONT OF YOU?
WHAT DO YOU WANT ME TO DO?
- NO.
YOU HURT ME.
- FREDRIK HAS TOLD ME
THAT YOU'RE
A LITTLE "MINI" FREDRIK.
- WHAT THE [bleep]
IS THIS GUY'S PROBLEM?
YOU TOLD ME
THAT YOU WANTED TO HELP ME,
AND I SAID
I WANT NEW DEVELOPMENTS.
- YOU'RE NOT READY FOR THAT.
- MAYBE YOU MISS
HAVING CONTROL OVER ME.
[bleep] YOU.
- OH, MY GOD.
OH, MY GOD.
[upbeat music]
- MY MOTTO IS EXPANSION...
ALWAYS IN ALL WAYS.
- NEW YORK CITY, IT'S THE MOST
EXCITING CITY FOR REAL ESTATE,
AND THAT'S WHY I'M HERE.
- I'M THE CLOSER
AND A LISTING MACHINE.
WHAT MAKES ME BETTER IS THAT
I WORK HARDER THAN ANYONE ELSE.
[squeals]
- I WILL BREAK YOUR TEETH.
- REACH HIGH.
- CAN YOU TAKE THIS GUY
OUT OF HERE?
- ARE YOU SERIOUS?
- YOU'RE NOT TRYING TO HELP ME.
- WHAT?
- YOU WANT TO CONTROL ME.
* *
[gentle music]
[cell phone jingling]
- OH, MY GOSH.
[bleep] OFF.
[cell phone dings]
PIECE OF [bleep].
[yells angrily]
RUINS MY DAY.
- YURI, LET'S GO OVER
TO THE ORION ON 42ND AND 9TH.
THE ORION IS
A HIGH-RISE CONDOMINIUM
ON THE EDGE OF TIMES SQUARE
AND HELL'S KITCHEN.
YOU'RE ONE BLOCK AWAY
FROM THE EPICENTER OF MANHATTAN.
[knocking on door]
HEY, MAN.
- HEY, HOW ARE YOU?
- WHAT'S UP?
YOU LOOK GOOD.
- YEAH, THANK YOU.
- NICE DANCE PANTS.
- [laughs]
- I'VE KNOWN ANDREW
FOR A FEW YEARS.
HE IS A WORLD-FAMOUS
BALLROOM DANCER,
BUT LITTLE DOES HE KNOW
THAT I'M NOT JUST HERE
TO LIST HIS APARTMENT.
AWESOME.
SO THESE ARE THE VIEWS
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
- ABSOLUTELY.
- INCREDIBLE.
I DON'T KNOW
HOW YOU'RE GONNA LEAVE THIS.
MAYBE YOU SHOULD JUST STAY HERE.
both: NAH.
- [laughs]
- ALL RIGHT.
I JUST HAVE, LIKE,
THIS IMAGE OF YOU, AND, LIKE--
DANCING HERE AND, LIKE,
FLIPPING PANCAKES AND STUFF.
- I DON'T THINK
I DANCE LIKE THAT.
MY DANCING WOULD BE SOMETHING
MUCH MORE...
THAT KIND OF WAY.
- LET'S STICK TO WHAT
I'M GOOD AT FOR A SECOND.
SO KITCHEN LOOKS GOOD.
ALL RIGHT,
YOU WANT TO TALK ABOUT PRICE?
- OKAY, LET'S DO THAT.
- YEAH, LET'S DO IT.
SO WHAT ARE YOU THINKING
IN TERMS OF PRICE?
- WELL, I KIND OF LOOKED
AT THE COMPS IN THE BUILDING.
- MM-HMM.
- I THINK 1.9 MILLION.
- UH, WHAT COMPS
ARE YOU LOOKING AT?
BECAUSE THE SAME APARTMENT
A FEW FLOORS DOWN
SOLD FOR 1.5, RIGHT,
WHICH IS, LIKE, 1,400 A FOOT.
- IF YOU LOOK
AT THE STOCK MARKET,
WHICH ACTUALLY DRIVES
REAL ESTATE MARKET
IN NEW YORK CITY...
- I AGREE.
- IT WAS ABOUT 1,400
AND DOWN.
NOW IT'S 1,500.
- ARE YOU, LIKE,
DANCING WITH CNBC ON?
I DON'T UNDERSTAND.
- YEAH, ACTUALLY, I DO.
- RIGHT.
SO LET'S DO THIS, OKAY?
1.725 FOR THE APARTMENT.
THAT'S WHERE WE LIST IT.
THAT'S $225,000 MORE
THAN WHAT THIS APARTMENT
SOLD FOR JUST RECENTLY
A FEW FLOORS BELOW.
BUT I WILL DO EVERYTHING I CAN
TO GET YOU AS CLOSE
TO 1.9 AS POSSIBLE.
- WELL, OKAY.
I'LL DO IT.
- AND BECAUSE
YOU'RE THE GREATEST DANCER
IN THE WORLD,
I WANT YOU TO TEACH ME TO DANCE.
- DANCE?
- YEAH.
- [laughs]
- I'M TRYING TO BE
A BETTER BOYFRIEND,
AND I THINK
I'M DOING PRETTY WELL.
BUT THERE'S ONE THING
SHE'S ALWAYS WANTED TO DO
THAT I DON'T REALLY WANT TO DO.
- DON'T YOU WANT TO GO OUT?
- WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO?
- I DON'T KNOW.
WE COULD GO DANCING.
- NO.
DANCING.
MY GIRLFRIEND WANTS
TO GO DANCING.
I DON'T DANCE.
SERIOUSLY THOUGH.
NOT LIKE--I'M NOT JOKING.
- COME ON.
YOU UNDERSTAND WHAT IT TAKES
TO BECOME A DANCER?
IT'S A LOT OF WORK.
- I'VE SEEN
DANCING WITH THE STARS.
- [laughs]
- DEAL?
- ALL RIGHT, FINE.
- YES.
- YOU BETTER NOT SUCK.
- I WON'T.
- OH, MY GOD.
I DON'T KNOW
WHAT AM I SIGNING FOR.
- YOU'RE GOOD, GOOD.
YOU'RE GOOD.
NOW YOU CAN'T
GET OUT OF IT.
- WE'RE GOING TO THE HAMPTONS.
WE ARE SO EXCITED.
THE DEVELOPMENT PROJECT
THAT I'M ABOUT TO VISIT
I'VE ACTUALLY BEEN WORKING ON
FOR A FEW MONTHS.
IT'S OUTSIDE MANHATTAN
IN THE HAMPTONS.
I THINK HE KNOWS
WE'RE GOING TO NATURE.
BEACHES AND WOODS
AND BIG COMMISSIONS.
[both laugh]
I SEE THIS
AS A PERFECT OPPORTUNITY
TO BRING DEREK WITH.
I CAN DO SOME BUSINESS,
HE CAN RELAX,
AND IT'S A NICE WEEKEND
TOGETHER.
THE HAMPTONS IS A SERIES
OF SMALL VILLAGES
ALONG LONG ISLAND,
JUST 1 1/2 TO 2 1/2 HOURS
FROM THE CENTER OF MANHATTAN.
MOST WEALTHY PEOPLE IN MANHATTAN
ACTUALLY OWN BIG PROPERTIES
OUT IN THE HAMPTONS,
AND DURING THE WARMER MONTHS
OF THE YEAR,
FRIDAY TO MONDAY EVERY WEEK,
THEY SPEND
IN THESE BEAUTIFUL, BIG HOUSES.
IT'S LIKE A PLAYGROUND
FOR THE WEALTHY.
[gasps]
BABE, WE'RE HERE.
LOOK AT IT.
LOOK AT THE HOUSES
OVER THERE.
[gasps]
[hip-hop music]
- THE DEVELOPMENT IS CALLED
BARN & VINE.
IT'S COMPRISED OF 37 HOMES
RANGING
AROUND 7,000 SQUARE FEET EACH
ON DIFFERENT LOT SIZES
AROUND 1/2 ACRE TO 1 ACRE EACH.
HI.
- HOW ARE YOU?
- HI.
IT'S REALLY COLD.
- MUAH.
IT'S A LITTLE CHILLY.
- OH, IS THIS FOR ME?
- YES.
WOULD YOU LIKE THE YELLOW?
- I'LL TAKE THE--
- I THINK YOU'LL LOOK GREAT
IN YELLOW.
- BYE, GUYS.
YOU STAY INSIDE, BABIES.
THIS IS MY HUSBAND.
THIS IS TERRY.
I'M THE PRIMARY BROKER
FOR THE ENTIRE BRIDGEHAMPTON
PROJECT,
AND THEN JANE,
THE DEVELOPER HERE,
ADDED ON TERRY
AS A LOCAL BROKER
TO DO SHOWINGS OUT THERE
WHILE I'M BUSY FINDING BUYERS
IN MANHATTAN.
SHE'S GONNA BE DOING ALL
THE SHOWINGS OUT HERE FOR ME.
I'M IN MANHATTAN.
I CAN'T, LIKE,
DO ALL THE SHOWINGS HERE.
DO YOU KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE GETTING YOURSELF INTO?
- ABSOLUTELY.
- HI.
- LOOK WHO'S HERE.
- JANE IS ONE OF THOSE
ICONIC DEVELOPERS IN MANHATTAN.
I LOVE HER.
I'VE BEEN DOING A COUPLE OF
SMALLER BOUTIQUE HOMES DOWNTOWN,
AND NOW IT'S TIME
FOR THE BIG ONE:
BRIDGEHAMPTON.
SO THIS IS
THE MOST FINISHED HOUSE.
- RIGHT.
- SO THIS IS BEAUTIFUL, GUYS.
I'M SO EXCITED.
IT IS SO GORGEOUS.
- YOU WANT TO LEARN SOMETHING
ABOUT IT?
- YES, LET'S TAKE A LOOK
AT THIS, WALK OUT.
THE HOUSE IS SO DAMN BIG.
- AND I NOTICED
THE OPEN FLOOR PLAN.
THIS IS REALLY IMPORTANT
FOR ENTERTAINING IN THE SUMMER.
YOUR 16-FOOT DOORS
OPENING WIDE...
- WITH OUTDOOR KITCHEN,
GRILLING, BARBECUE,
AND A SWIMMING POOL OF YOUR OWN.
SO WE'RE THINKING SOMEWHERE
IN THE LINES OF 3 MILLION
ALL THE WAY UP TO 4 1/2 MILLION
IN PRICE?
- YES.
- BARN & VINE
IS A GORGEOUS DEVELOPMENT.
AND IT'S UNIQUE,
BECAUSE WE'RE OFFERING
OUR BUYERS
FIVE DIFFERENT STYLE OF HOUSES.
- SO, FREDRIK,
WE'VE BEEN DISCUSSING THE HOUSE
AND HOW YOU LIKE IT
AND THIS AND THAT.
- LOVE IT, DON'T LIKE IT.
- WHAT'S YOUR MARKETING PLAN
NOW?
- WELL, I THINK--
THIS IS THE THING, GUYS.
WE'RE GONNA DO SOMETHING
SLIGHTLY UNEXPECTED HERE.
JUST LIKE I DID IN BROOKLYN,
WE'RE GONNA MARKET IT
TO MANHATTANITES.
- OKAY.
- AND ON TOP OF THAT,
IF WE CAN ADD SERVICES,
LIKE CONCIERGE SERVICES,
TO THE PROJECT,
THEN WE REALLY SPEAK TO A LOT
OF THE BUYERS IN MANHATTAN.
'CAUSE THEY'RE USED TO
24-HOUR DOORMEN.
THEY HAVE A GYM IN THE BUILDING.
WE'RE GONNA ADD
ALL THOSE LAYERS TO IT.
I SELL IN NEW YORK,
WHERE WE HAVE
FULL-SERVICE DOORMEN BUILDINGS
WITH SWIMMING POOLS
AND JUICE BARS AND GYMS.
BUT WHEN YOU BUY
A FREESTANDING HOUSE
IN THE HAMPTONS,
YOU DON'T GET ANY OF THAT.
MY IDEA IS TO PROVIDE
FIVE-STAR CONCIERGE SERVICES
TO EVERYONE WHO OWNS
A PROPERTY HERE.
LIKE,
IT'S NEVER BEEN DONE BEFORE.
- I LIKE IT.
I LIKE IT.
- OKAY.
- ARE WE GONNA DO THIS TOGETHER?
- WE ARE.
MUAH.
- OKAY, TEAM HAMPTONS.
LET'S DO THIS.
- OKAY, LET'S DO IT.
- WE GOT THIS.
- 37 HOMES.
THIS IS GONNA GET REALLY HOT.
SO HOT.
- IT DOESN'T FEEL TO ME
THAT YOU GENUINELY WANT TO HELP.
IT'S DISGUSTING, AND I'VE HAD
ENOUGH OF THIS THING.
YOU.
[phone line ringing]
- HELLO?
- RONITA.
- WHAT'S UP?
- WHAT'S GOING ON?
LISTEN, CLEAR MY SCHEDULE.
I'M GOING TO 75 WALL.
THE FINANCIAL DISTRICT
IS REALLY
WHERE MY HEART BELONGS,
AND MY NEW PENTHOUSE LISTING
AT 75 WALL STREET
GOT ME EXTREMELY FIRED UP.
BUT THERE'S A CHALLENGE.
IT'S AN UNUSUAL LAYOUT.
THE LAYOUT IS EXTREMELY UNIQUE
AND SPECIFIC,
SO I HIRED
THE BEST INTERIOR DESIGNER
IN NEW YORK CITY
TO MAKE IT LOOK
EXTREMELY SEXY
AND SOPHISTICATED.
- I SEE SIMPLE
BUT EXTREMELY ELEGANT.
MIRROR, LACQUER, LEATHER.
- SO NOW THE PLACE IS ALL DONE.
I AM HEADED TO THE PENTHOUSE
TO SHOW MICHAEL MY MAGIC.
[cell phone jingling]
OH.
JANET.
IT IS A PLEASURE TO MEET YOU.
- HI, LUIS.
HOW ARE YOU?
- JANET.
- I'M VERY WELL.
HOW ARE YOU?
- OH, THANK YOU SO MUCH.
THAT MEANS A LOT TO ME, REALLY.
- OH, MY GOD.
- IS THAT AMAZING?
- I WANT TO PRICE THIS UNIT
7.8 MILLION.
- THE TIMING IS UP.
IT'S TIME TO MOVE ON.
- WOW, JANET.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
- OKAY.
OKAY, WELL...
8.4 MILLION?
I MEAN,
THE MARKET IS DOING VERY GOOD,
BUT I WASN'T ABLE
TO SELL THIS LISTING
AT $7.8 MILLION
THREE MONTHS AGO.
SO IT'S GOING TO BE
A HUGE CHALLENGE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH, JANET.
THANK YOU SO MUCH.
I WILL GO GET THEM.
- TALK TO YOU SOON.
[sighs]
YES!
[laughs]
- HELLO.
- YOU'RE LATE.
- IT'S REALLY HARD
TO FIND THIS PLACE.
I DON'T GO TO A LOT
OF DANCE STUDIOS.
- HOW'S MY APARTMENT GOING?
- APARTMENT'S GOOD.
THAT'S WHY I WAS LATE.
YOUR APARTMENT.
IT'S GOOD.
I'M WORKING
ON MY MARKETING STRATEGY
FOR THE ORION,
BUT TODAY,
MY DANCE LESSONS START.
I'VE NEVER ACTUALLY DANCED
BEFORE.
I WENT TO A DANCE
WHEN I WAS IN SEVENTH GRADE,
BUT I ONLY WENT THERE
TO MAKE OUT WITH A GIRL.
AND IT WORKED...
- [laughs]
- BUT I DIDN'T, LIKE, WOO HER
WITH MY DANCE MOVES THOUGH.
- SO WHAT EXACTLY
DID YOU WOO HER WITH?
- MY PENIS.
JUST KIDDING.
THAT'S NOT TRUE.
NOT IN SEVENTH GRADE.
THAT WAS EIGHTH GRADE.
SO LET'S DO THIS.
- ALL RIGHT, LET'S DO THIS.
- ALL RIGHT,
SO WHAT DO WE DO?
I CAME UP WITH AN IDEA
TO SURPRISE EMILIA
WITH A BIG DANCE NUMBER
IN CENTRAL PARK.
I SPEND SO MUCH TIME WORKING.
IT'S ABOUT TIME
I DO SOMETHING FOR HER.
- WELL, FIRST I WANT TO SEE
HOW YOU MOVE.
TRY IT.
DO IT.
FACE THE MIRROR.
- I HAVE NO IDEA WHAT THAT IS.
- [laughs]
DA, DA, DA.
[whooshes]
- ANDREW IS AN EXPERT DANCER.
LEGS.
- UH-HUH. MM-HMM.
- YOU SEE THAT?
I DANCE LIKE A BANANA.
- HERE.
- OH.
- THAT GOES HERE,
THAT GOES HERE.
- I'M GOING WHICH WAY?
- THAT'S RIGHT.
- LIKE THIS?
- SHOULDER HERE,
HIP IS HERE.
- I HAD TO PUT MY HIPS
FROM HERE
TO, LIKE, THERE.
IT DOESN'T WORK THAT WAY.
- NOW BRING YOUR FEET TOGETHER.
[both chuckle]
- [grunts]
- I THOUGHT
YOU WENT TO THE GYM.
- THEN MY LEG IS, LIKE, HERE,
AND MY OTHER LEG IS HERE.
AND THEN MY ARMS ARE THIS WAY,
MY SHOULDERS HAVE TO BE BACK,
AND THE BODY HAS TO BE
THIS WAY,
AND...
[stammers]
- SO HOW ABOUT THIS?
WE'RE GONNA GO...
[whooshes]
- [chuckling]
NO.
- COME ON.
- ARE YOU SERIOUS?
- YEAH.
JUST HAVE TO LOOK COOL
WHILE YOU'RE DOING THIS.
- SO YOU'RE LIKE,
BOOM, BOOM, BOOM, RIGHT?
LIKE THAT?
[groans]
- NO.
TURN AND THEN GO DOWN.
- BAM!
- SHE'S NOT GONNA BE IMPRESSED.
AGAIN. GO.
- THIS IS, LIKE,
THE WAX ON, WAX OFF PART
OFKARATE KID,RIGHT?
- ALL RIGHT,
BACK TO THE BEGINNING.
- OKAY,
EVERYTHING NEEDS TO BE PERFECT.
WHAT'S THIS?
CAN YOU...
THIS IS VERY IMPORTANT TO ME.
THE STAKES ARE HIGHER
THAN THEY'VE EVER BEEN HIGH,
RIGHT?
WE HAVE HUNDREDS OF BROKERS
COMING FROM ALL OVER MANHATTAN.
BECAUSE I'M MARKETING
BARN & VINE
TO MANHATTANITES,
MY IDEA HERE IS TO THROW
A BIG, SPLASHY PARTY
IN MANHATTAN.
DON'T YOU FEEL IT?
DON'T YOU FEEL YOUR HEART BEAT?
BUM, BUM, BUM, BUM, BUM, BUM,
BUM, BUM, BUM, BUM, BUM, BUM.
AND THE GOAL IS SIMPLE:
TO BUILD BUZZ
FOR THIS NEW DEVELOPMENT.
HI, HOW ARE YOU?
WELCOME.
WELCOME TO BRIDGEHAMPTON.
both: MUAH.
- MUAH.
MUAH, MUAH.
ISN'T THIS EXCITING?
BRIDGEHAMPTON.
WE'RE CALLING IT
BARN & VINE.
WITH 37 LOTS.
THEY'RE BETWEEN 1/2 ACRE
TO 1 ACRE EACH.
- WOW.
- AND IT'S
A REALLY UNIQUE PROJECT
IN THE SENSE
THAT YOU GET TO PICK
BETWEEN FIVE DIFFERENT STYLES
OF HOUSES.
THEY'RE ABOUT 7,000 SQUARE FEET
EACH.
- I'M SO EXCITED.
WHOO!
IT WAS LIKE
I COULD TAKE A KNIFE
AND CUT THE ROOM
WITH ALL THIS HYPE.
- FREDRIK,
I NEED TO INTRODUCE YOU
TO SOME POTENTIAL...
- OH, HI.
- HI, I'M SANDRA.
IT'S GREAT TO MEET YOU.
- SANDRA AND STEFAN.
- YOU'RE A POTENTIAL BUYER?
- THEY'RE VERY, VERY INTERESTED
IN LOT EIGHT OR NINE.
- I'M A POTENTIAL SELLER.
AND WE'RE GONNA MAYBE DO
A POTENTIAL DEAL TOGETHER.
- NOW, LISTEN, THEY'VE
BEEN LOOKING FOR ONE YEAR.
- HAVE YOU IDENTIFIED A LOT
ON OUR SITE MAP YET?
- OR NINE.
- WE LIKE THE HIGH TOPOGRAPHY.
- YOU WALKED IT?
- NO, BUT I--
- OKAY, WHOA, WHOA, WHOA,
WHOA, WHOA, WHOA.
- I'M YOUR HAMPTONS GAL, HONEY.
OF COURSE I WALKED IT WITH THEM.
- OOH.
[exhales]
TERRY'S A VERY AGGRESSIVE,
PUSHY BROKER.
- WHICH OF THE FIVE STYLES
OF THE EXTERIOR
DO YOU LIKE THE MOST?
I LOVE THE GAMBREL.
- THEY WERE ALL ABOUT,
"I WANT A GAMBREL.
I WANT A GAMBREL."
- SOMETIMES SHE CAN GET
IN MY WAY A LITTLE BIT.
- WE REALLY LOVE THE IDEA
OF THE PRIVATE BEDROOM.
- I CALL IT THE SECOND MASTER.
I LOVE THAT.
- SO MAYBE WE COULD, YOU KNOW,
HAVE SOME TIME OVER THERE.
- JUST LIKE LAST SATURDAY.
[laughs]
- I JUST NEED TO,
MM,
MOVE AHEAD.
GUYS, HONESTLY,
I THINK
YOU'RE THE PERFECT BUYER.
THIS IS THE ONE FOR YOU.
THINK ABOUT THE SERVICES.
YOU HAVE A FAMILY.
YOU NEED HELP IN YOUR LIFE.
- A BABYSITTER.
THERE YOU GO.
- I REALLY WANT TO THANK
EVERYONE FOR COMING TONIGHT,
BECAUSE WHAT WE'RE TRYING
TO DO OUT THERE
IS VERY DIFFERENT
THAN ALL THE OTHER
NEW DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS.
SO CHEERS FOR BARN & VINE.
IF YOU HAVE ANY QUESTIONS,
YOU CALL ME.
- TERRY.
HELLO.
- I CAN'T HEAR YOU.
ANYWAY, CHEERS FOR BARN & VINE.
THANK YOU SO MUCH FOR COMING.
- WHEE!
[all cheer]
- TODAY IS THE BIG DAY.
- I AM FREAKING OUT.
- I HAVE PUT A LOT OF WORK
INTO REDESIGNING THE PENTHOUSE
AT 75 WALL STREET.
I DIDN'T JUST FURNISH
THIS APARTMENT.
I WENT ALL-OUT.
I BROUGHT FURNITURE, ART,
CHANDELIERS, DETAILS.
I CREATED A LIFESTYLE.
- WOW.
- OH, THERE HE IS.
- OH, MY GOD.
JEEZ.
IT LOOKS INCREDIBLE.
- YOU SEE,
WE WENT A LITTLE DARK.
- IT'S SEXY.
- IT IS VERY SEXY.
THAT'S THE IDEA.
- I CAN'T GET OVER IT.
IT LOOKS LIKE
A TOTALLY DIFFERENT PLACE.
- I KNOW, RIGHT?
I'M ACTUALLY VERY EXCITED.
LET ME SHOW YOU THE REST.
SO THIS IS THE MASTER BEDROOM.
BOOM.
- WOW, NICE.
LOOK AT THAT.
- IT'S AMAZING, RIGHT?
- I LOVE IT.
- LOOK AT THIS.
THIS IS THE OFFICE.
- WOW.
THIS IS THE ROOM.
- THIS IS THE RISKIEST THING
I'VE DONE,
BECAUSE I TURNED IT
VERY, VERY DARK.
BECAUSE OF THE UNIQUE LAYOUT
OF THIS PENTHOUSE,
MY DESIGNER AND I
HAD TO GO TO THE EXTREME.
WE CHOSE VERY DARK WALL COLORS
AND COLORFUL FURNITURE
IN ORDER FOR PEOPLE TO ENVISION
HOW AWESOME THIS PLACE
REALLY IS.
IT'S BEAUTIFUL.
- LUIS, I GOT TO HAND IT TO YOU.
YOU MADE THIS LOOK
LIKE A PENTHOUSE.
- OH, WELL, IT IS--
YEAH.
- YOU DID AN AMAZING JOB.
- THIS APARTMENT LOOKS AMAZING.
THIS APARTMENT SMELLS LIKE SEX.
NOW WE JUST GOT TO SELL IT.
- THANK YOU, EVERYONE,
FOR STAYING LATE.
WE JUST LISTED THE ORION 56C.
I FINALIZED MY PLAN
FOR SELLING ANDREW'S APARTMENT,
AND TONIGHT, WE EXECUTE IT.
THE ORION IS SURROUNDED BY CARS
AND TOURISTS AND BUSES.
A REAL NEW YORKER IS NOT
GONNA BUY IN TIMES SQUARE.
BUT YOU KNOW WHO WILL?
FOREIGN INVESTORS.
INSTEAD OF HOSTING THE APARTMENT
ON THE INTERNET
LIKE EVERY OTHER BROKER
AND JUST WAITING FOR SOMEONE
TO COME AND BUY IT,
WE'RE GOING TO ATTACK
THE MARKET
ON THEIR HOME FRONT, RIGHT?
SO WE'RE GONNA CALL
EVERY BROKER THAT WE CAN.
SO WE'RE GONNA HIT
BEIJING, HONG KONG, SHANGHAI.
OBVIOUSLY DON'T EXPECT YOU
TO KNOW MANDARIN.
SO SINCE YOU'RE CALLING
HONG KONG,
THERE'S A LOT
OF ENGLISH SPEAKERS THERE.
AND IF THEY DON'T SPEAK ENGLISH,
ELLA AND YAN ARE HERE
TO HELP TRANSLATE
SO THAT WE CAN GET
AS MANY PEOPLE
ON THE PHONE AS POSSIBLE.
IT'S JUST ABOUT 11:00 P.M. HERE,
SO THAT MEANS THAT IT'S JUST
ABOUT 11:00 A.M. THERE,
SO WE SHOULD BE GOOD TO GO.
- YEAH!
- ALL RIGHT.
I CONVINCED ANDREW
TO LIST IT LOWER
BECAUSE I TOLD HIM
I WAS GONNA BID THE PRICE UP.
I MEAN, I NEED A NUMBER
AS CLOSE TO 1.9 AS POSSIBLE.
THERE ARE SO MANY NUMBERS
TO DIAL.
BUT I DON'T EVEN HAVE
THESE BUYERS IN FRONT OF ME.
WE'RE DOING THIS
ALL OVER THE PHONE.
[phone line ringing]
- [speaking foreign language]
- HI.
- WE HAVE A LISTING
ON 42ND STREET IN MIDTOWN.
- I DON'T EVEN WANT TO KNOW
WHAT MY CALL BILL
IS GONNA BE HERE.
- [speaking foreign language]
- I DON'T HEAR
ENOUGH PHONE CALLS OUT THERE.
IS EVERYONE WORKING?
MY OFFICE EXCELS AT TARGETING
SPECIFIC DEMOGRAPHICS.
- WHAT DID SHE SAY?
- SHE SAID SHE'S INTERESTED.
- IT'S LIKE GUERRILLA MARKETING.
OH, HE'S ON TWO PHONES.
THAT'S WHAT I LIKE TO SEE.
[laughs]
- WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
- [speaking foreign language]
- I CAN'T REALLY UNDERSTAND
WHAT'S GOING ON.
[both speaking foreign language]
HEY, RYAN.
THEY LIKE TO PAY CASH.
FULL ASKING PRICE.
- YES.
WE GOT OUR FIRST OFFER.
FIRST OFFER, FULL CASH.
BEAT THAT.
- RYAN.
- WHAT?
AN OFFER?
OVER ASK.
WE NOW HAVE OVER ASK.
OFFER TWO.
YES.
I AM EARNING
MY DANCING LESSONS.
[cell phone jingling]
- HI, TERRY.
HOW ARE YOU?
- I'M VERY GOOD.
- FROM THE GET-GO,
TERRY AND I DECIDED
SHE WOULD BE OUT
IN THE HAMPTONS
DOING THE SHOWINGS,
BUT IN THE EVENT
WE GET AN OFFER,
SHE WILL CALL ME.
- OFFER?
WHAT OFFER?
WHAT OFFER? WHAT OFFER?
- A WHAT?
- WE'RE NOT GONNA AGREE TO ANY
POOL HOUSE, NO GUESTHOUSES.
WE'RE GONNA GO AT FULL ASK.
WE'RE GONNA GET THIS DONE.
NO.
I AM NOT NEGOTIATING
ON THESE DEALS.
THIS IS THE HAMPTONS,
AND WE ARE NOT NEGOTIATING HERE.
- WAIT, WHAT?
FIVE FIREPLACES IN A HOUSE?
HELLO.
HI, TERRY.
HI, LOVE.
- TERRY, TERRY, TERRY.
I LOVE YOU,
BUT THERE SEEMS TO BE
A LOT OF WRINKLES
IN ALL THESE DEALS.
NO, NO, NO.
TERRY, DON'T FORGET,
FREDRIK EKLUND
DOESN'T MAKE CONCESSIONS.
HI, NANCY.
IT'S FREDRIK EKLUND HERE,
DOUGLAS ELLIMAN,
REGARDING--
YES, LOT EIGHT, YES.
SO ARE YOU SITTING DOWN?
YOUR OFFER HAS BEEN ACCEPTED.
I KNOW, IT'S INCREDIBLE.
BUT, YOU KNOW--
ONE THING.
WAIT, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
BEFORE YOU JUMP UP AND DOWN,
THIS POOL HOUSE--
THINK ABOUT IT.
YOU DON'T WANT A POOL HOUSE,
BECAUSE--
THE REASON
WHY YOU'RE BUYING LOT EIGHT
IS BECAUSE IT'S SO BEAUTIFUL
AND BIG.
YOU DON'T NEED
FIVE FIREPLACES.
THE HOUSE COMES
WITH TWO FIREPLACES.
YOU ALSO HAVE CENTRAL HEATING.
YOU DON'T WANT TO LOOK
INTO A GUESTHOUSE.
YOU'RE RUINING YOUR OWN VIEW.
YOU KNOW,
LAST TIME I CHECKED ON GOOGLE,
CLEANING A CHIMNEY
IN THE HAMPTONS
IS $900
PER HOUR.
THAT'S A LOT OF MONEY.
BUT LET'S NOT TALK TOO MUCH
ABOUT THAT.
LET'S CELEBRATE
THE MOST AMAZING THING HERE.
YOUR OFFER'S BEEN ACCEPTED,
AND WE HAVE A--
OKAY, WELL,
TALK TO YOUR HUSBAND.
CALL ME BACK.
- ARMS GO UP.
GOOD.
CORE COMES IN.
- CORE COMES IN.
- AND THE DIP.
FREEZE.
LOOK AT HER.
- I PRESENTED ANDREW
WITH AN OFFER FOR 1.8 MILLION.
- FREEZE.
- BUT, LIKE ALL SELLERS,
ANDREW NOW WANTS
JUST A LITTLE BIT MORE.
HE WANTS AT LEAST 1.85,
SO I'M WORKING
ON GETTING THAT FOR HIM
WHILE ALSO WORKING
ON MY DANCE ROUTINE.
- LOOK WHERE YOU'RE GOING.
- YEAH.
- CONTINUE--
- OOP!
THANK YOU.
AS IT TURNS OUT, BRYAN,
WHO'S ON MY TEAM,
IS A BIT OF A DANCE MASTER
HIMSELF.
- AND THEN TURN.
- AND SO IS HIS GIRLFRIEND,
NATALIA.
SO I'VE BEEN ABLE
TO REHEARSE WITH THEM
WHEN ANDREW'S NOT AVAILABLE.
[groans]
- TRY HARDER, RYAN.
IT'S NOT THAT HARD.
- I AM TRYING HARDER.
- YEAH.
- A LITTLE BIT HARDER.
- I'M GONNA LIGHT UP
THAT DANCE FLOOR
WITH FIRE UNDER MY FEET.
DID YOU SEND THE EMAIL
ABOUT THE ORION?
THAT'S SUCH A ROUGH FIGURE.
SO WHAT TIME IS THE SHOWING?
NO, I'M--I'M JUST--
I'M JUST DOING SOMETHING.
BAM.
WHOO.
OH, MY KNEE.
WHA!
OKAY.
BAM.
THE HIPS.
OKAY.
- RYAN.
- YEAH.
- OH, MY GOSH.
DID YOU SEE MY THING?
DID YOU SEE MY RONDE?
- NO, NO, NO, I'M NOT EVEN
TALKING ABOUT THAT.
I'M NOT TALKING
ABOUT YOUR RONDE.
YOUR RONDE LOOKS GOOD.
- [sighs]
- WE JUST GOT A 1.89
ON THE APARTMENT.
- FOR THE ORION?
- FOR THE ORION, 56C.
- YES.
1.89.
DONE DEAL.
THAT'S, LIKE, A RECORD PRICE
FOR THAT BUILDING, YEAH?
- THAT'S, LIKE,
ALMOST 10% OVER ASKING.
- THAT'S INSANE.
- SHE HAS AN ATTORNEY.
SHE'LL MOVE FAST.
SHE'LL GET YOU THE DEPOSIT
TOMORROW.
- WAIT,
IS THIS PERSON A BROKER?
- NO.
- IT'S A DIRECT DEAL?
- YES.
- COMMISSION IS WHAT?
- 6%.
- THERE WE GO.
OKAY. LET'S DO IT.
LET'S WRAP THAT UP.
- "GO BIG, OR GO HOME."
REMEMBER WHEN YOU SAID
I DON'T CARE ABOUT YOU,
THAT I DON'T LOVE YOU?
SHE HAS NO IDEA
WHAT'S ABOUT TO HAPPEN.
I DON'T WANT TO LOSE YOU.
- OH, MY GOD.
- I DON'T GET YOU, LUIS.
I TRY TO HELP.
- YOU WANT TO "HELP"
JUST TO CONVINCE YOURSELF
THAT YOU'RE A GOOD PERSON.
BUT YOU'RE DOING IT FOR YOU.
- WHOO!
- I FEEL REALLY BLESSED
'CAUSE TONIGHT I WON
THE BIGGEST AWARD
OF MY CAREER.
I WON THE NUMBER ONE TEAM
IN THE NATION--DOUGLAS ELLIMAN--
FOR CLOSED COMMISSION,
AND THAT IS--
THAT'S THE BIGGEST AWARD
I COULD EVER WIN,
BECAUSE I WORK
FOR THE LARGEST REAL ESTATE FIRM
ON THE EAST COAST.
AND MY TEAM,
OUT OF 5,500 AGENTS,
WE WERE NUMBER ONE.
I MEAN, THAT'S MASSIVE.
- BUT I SAID,
EVER SINCE YOU WERE 14,
YOU'VE BEEN NUMBER ONE.
- AW.
- THE AWARDS SHOW--
UNFORTUNATELY FOR ME,
I COULDN'T EVEN BRING DEREK
AND NOT EVEN MY BEST FRIEND,
ANNA,
WHO'S VISITING FROM LONDON,
SO I'M MEETING UP WITH THEM
IN A RESTAURANT
TO SHARE THIS WITH THEM.
WITHOUT YOU,
I WOULDN'T EVEN BE 100.
WHEN YOU CAME INTO MY LIFE,
YOU CHANGED EVERYTHING.
IT'S PROBABLY THE HEIGHT
OF MY ENTIRE CAREER TONIGHT.
CHEERS.
- HI, BEAUTIFUL.
- OH, HI.
HOW ARE YOU?
- VERY GOOD.
- GOOD, GOOD.
- MUAH, MUAH.
SO WHAT HAPPENED
AFTER THE PARTY
IS THAT TERRY HAS BEEN SHOWING
NONSTOP, NONSTOP, NONSTOP.
WE'RE STARTING TO NOW
GET OFFERS.
- YES.
- WHAT WE'RE FINDING
IN THE NEGOTIATIONS HERE
IS THAT PEOPLE WANT TO HAVE
LITTLE CHANGES HERE AND THERE.
UM...
I KILLED IT ALL.
I HAVE ONE, TWO,
THREE, FOUR, FIVE--
ALMOST $20 MILLION IN OFFERS
THAT WE'RE GONNA ACCEPT.
- FREDRIK, I AM THRILLED.
- THIS IS INCREDIBLE.
5 OUT OF 37 IN, LIKE,
A COUPLE OF WEEKS
AFTER THE PARTY--
THAT'S UNHEARD OF.
WE ARE OFF TO AN AMAZING START.
- WE ARE OFF
TO AN AMAZING START.
- I CAN SEE VERY CLEARLY NOW
THAT THIS PROJECT
IS GONNA BE A HUGE SUCCESS.
IT'S LIKE THE TRAIN
IS LEAVING THE STATION.
DU-DUNK, DU-DUNK, DU-DUNK,
DU-DUNK, DU-DUNK, DU-DUNK.
[trills]
[babbling]
WHOO!
- [laughs]
- WHOA, IT FEELS SO GOOD.
- I DON'T EVEN REMEMBER
THE LAST TIME
I WALKED THROUGH CENTRAL PARK
LIKE THIS.
LIKE, I DON'T EVEN
HAVE MY PHONE ON ME.
- WELL, THAT'S A FIRST.
- TODAY IS THE BIG DAY.
TODAY IS THE DAY
THAT I DO MY BIG DANCE NUMBER.
ANDREW CHOREOGRAPHED
AN INCREDIBLE DANCE ROUTINE.
I HAVE THE BAND LINED UP.
I HAVE ALL THE DANCERS LINED UP.
I'VE TOLD EMILIA THAT I HAVE
A LITTLE BREAK IN MY DAY
AND THAT I WANT TO HANG OUT
WITH HER
AND MAYBE TAKE A WALK
THROUGH CENTRAL PARK.
AND SHE HAS NO IDEA
WHAT'S ABOUT TO HAPPEN.
OH, LOOK, JUST A RANDOM CELLO.
CELL-O!
I'M TRYING TO PLAY IT COOL
AND MAKE JOKES
SO THAT SHE DOESN'T
EXPECT ANYTHING.
BUT INSIDE,
I AM FREAKING OUT.
[soft jazzy music playing]
OH, THERE'S, LIKE, A WHOLE BAND
SET UP OVER THERE.
WANT TO LISTEN TO MUSIC?
- YEAH.
- YOU LOOK VERY PRETTY.
- THANK YOU.
- WOULD YOU RATHER
I WAS AT WORK?
- DEFINITELY NOT.
- THAT'S WEIRD.
- OH, HE'S DANCING WITH HER.
- OH,
NOW THERE'S MORE PEOPLE DANCING.
I WISH I COULD DANCE
LIKE THAT GUY
IN THE BLUE.
A GREAT MAN ONCE TOLD ME,
"GO BIG, OR GO HOME."
[upbeat music playing]
- HI.
- I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
- COME ON.
- WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO?
- HUSTLE.
- I GUESS SO.
- NOT BAD.
- THIS IS REALLY WEIRD.
- YOU'RE PRETTY GOOD.
- AM I?
- YEAH, NOT TOO BAD.
- THIS IS--
* *
- TWO TURNS.
- [laughs]
OH, MY GOD.
[laughing]
* *
[cheers and applause]
- NICE JOB.
YEAH.
- THAT WAS SO WEIRD.
- HE'S REALLY GOOD.
- [clears throat]
I DON'T KNOW WHAT CAME OVER ME.
- YOU DON'T KNOW
HOW TO DANCE.
[laughs]
- YOU WANT TO COME DANCE
IN CENTRAL PARK?
- OH.
- IN FRONT OF ALL THESE PEOPLE?
- I DON'T THINK
I KNOW HOW TO DANCE LIKE THAT.
REMEMBER HOW WHEN YOU SAID
YOU--
I DON'T MAKE AN EFFORT
FOR ANYBODY OTHER THAN MYSELF,
I DON'T CARE ABOUT YOU,
THAT I DON'T LOVE YOU?
SO I SHUT DOWN CENTRAL PARK
FOR YOU,
AND I'VE BEEN TEACHING MYSELF
TO BALLROOM DANCE,
SO I COULD TAKE YOU DANCING
IN CENTRAL PARK
IN FRONT OF ALL THESE PEOPLE,
BECAUSE I LOVE YOU,
AND I DON'T WANT TO LOSE YOU.
- OH, MY GOD.
- SO WE NOW HAVE TO DANCE
IN CENTRAL PARK.
THIS IS REAL.
I DIDN'T MAKE THIS UP.
WE'RE ACTUALLY IN CENTRAL PARK
RIGHT NOW.
OKAY, GOOD POSTURE.
YOU READY?
- OKAY.
- [snaps]
ONE, TWO, THREE!
[upbeat music playing]
TWO, THREE, FOUR, ONE.
- THIS IS NUTS.
- OKAY?
JUST FOLLOW MY LEAD.
NOW YOU'RE GONNA TURN.
EMILIA HAS MADE ME REALIZE
THAT, LIKE--
THAT I CAN STILL BE DISCIPLINED,
I CAN STILL WORK MY ASS OFF.
NOW GRAB MY SHOULDER.
I'M GONNA DIP YOU,
LIKE THIS.
NOW I'M NOT JUST DOING IT
FOR MYSELF.
I'M DOING IT FOR MYSELF
AND A BEAUTIFUL
LITTLE GREEK GIRL.
DID YOU JUST DANCE
IN CENTRAL PARK
IN FRONT OF ALL THESE PEOPLE?
- I GUESS WE DID.
[laughing]
- YOU'RE SO SMALL.
I THINK SHE'S A BETTER DANCER
THAN ME.
- SO IT LOOKS GOOD.
- LOOKS AMAZING.
TONIGHT'S THE BIG NIGHT, BUDDY.
- THIS IS THE NIGHT.
75 WALL STREET OPEN HOUSE
MEANS A LOT TO ME.
I WANT MICHAEL TO FEEL
THAT HE MADE THE RIGHT CHOICE
BY HIRING ME.
AND I'VE INVITED EVERYBODY.
GOOD TO SEE YOU AGAIN.
I'M LUIS. NICE TO MEET YOU.
NICE JACKET.
- THANK YOU.
- HELLO.
THE TURNOUT TONIGHT
IS AMAZING.
TWO BEDROOM, TWO BATHROOM,
1,450 SQUARE FEET.
- IT'S A GREAT BUILDING,
GREAT UNIT.
- BEAUTIFUL, RIGHT?
- YES.
- I SELL THIS PLACE.
$1,900 A FOOT
IS GOING TO BE THE NEW $3,000
IN TWO YEARS.
- LUIS!
HE'S CLOSE TO--WHAT'S UP?
- HEY.
[laughs]
HOW ARE YOU?
- THANK YOU FOR INVITING ME.
- THANK YOU FOR COMING.
THANK YOU FOR COMING.
- ABSOLUTELY.
THIS PLACE IS BEAUTIFUL.
LUIS IS GREAT,
AND I'M ALL FOR SUPPORTING HIM.
OOH.
THIS IS PRETTY SICK.
- YEAH, IT'S KIND OF LIKE--
SIT, SIT, SIT.
- [grunts]
- OH, NO, NO.
COME HERE.
LET ME TAKE A PICTURE.
- CAN YOU PUT A FILTER ON IT,
PLEASE?
- I WILL, DON'T WORRY.
- TRUTHFULLY, LIKE,
I'M NOT GOING TO 75 WALL
TO, LIKE, CHECK THE UNITS OUT.
I'M HERE TO TALK TO LUIS.
HAVE YOU SEEN LUIS?
- I THINK--
- YEAH, HE'S WALKING AROUND.
- HE DIDN'T CALL ME BACK,
SO I'M COMING TO GET A HUG,
GET A HIGH FIVE,
LAUGH AT WHAT HAPPENED.
I JUST WANT TO HEAR IT FROM HIM
THAT WE ARE OKAY, HIM AND ME.
- IT'S A GREAT BUILDING.
- YEAH, IT IS.
- YOU GOT TWO GOOD BROKERS.
- ACTUALLY, SHE'S A BROKER.
- [laughs] YEAH.
- SHE IS. SHE'S--
- THAT'S WHAT I SAID.
YOU HAVE TWO GOOD BROKERS.
- OH, I THOUGHT YOU SAID
YOU HAD TWO--
[laughter]
- ALL RIGHT.
- WHAT?
I SAID
YOU HAD TWO GOOD BROKERS.
- OH, YEAH.
- HELLO.
- WHY?
- WELCOME TO THE MASTER.
- WHAT'S GOING ON HERE?
OF COURSE, I'M SURPRISED
TO SEE RYAN THERE
STANDING WITH LUIS LAUGHING,
BECAUSE LAST TIME I HEARD,
THEY HAD SOME SORT OF FIGHT
AT AN EVENT.
- YOU WANT THIS IN YOUR MOUTH?
[indistinct chatter]
- [laughs]
- NO.
- WHAT?
- COME HERE.
- OKAY.
SPEAK HERE.
COME.
I DON'T--COME, COME,
COME, COME. WE'LL SPEAK.
- NO, NO, NO,
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
IT'S BETWEEN YOU AND ME.
I JUST WANT TO, LIKE--
LAST TIME WE TALKED
OUT IN BROOKLYN WAS--
- YEAH, SURE.
- YOU CAN STAY.
- DID YOU GET MY MESSAGES?
- YES, I DID.
I DID.
- SO I JUST WANTED
TO MAKE SURE THAT YOU, LIKE--
YOU KNOW, I'M SORRY
IF I MADE YOU UPSET.
THAT WAS NEVER MY INTENTION,
AND...
- COME ON, MAN, LIKE--
AGAIN,
"LET'S HUG IT OUT.
I'M SO SORRY."
LISTEN, I'M PAST THAT, YOU KNOW?
YOU KNOW, I'LL TELL YOU--
I'LL BE VERY HONEST.
YOU KNOW WHAT YOUR PROBLEM IS,
FREDRIK?
YOUR PROBLEM--I THINK IT IS
THAT YOU DON'T COME THROUGH.
FOR THE PAST TWO YEARS,
WHEN WE HAD THE 50 LISPENARD
AND THEN WE HAD THE THING
IN PARK SLOPE,
YOU NEVER CAME THROUGH
IN THE END.
I'LL TELL YOU SOMETHING
ABOUT THIS GUY.
- LUIS.
- THIS GUY--
HOLD ON. LET ME SPEAK.
THIS GUY AND I
HAD OUR DIFFERENCES.
HE CAME ALONG WITH A BUYER,
DID A DEAL WITH ME,
AND HE CAME THROUGH.
YOU KNOW WHAT, THAT, TO ME,
MAKES HIM A BETTER BROKER
THAN YOU.
HE CAME THROUGH WITH HIS WORD,
AND YOU NEVER HAVE.
- WHAT IS HAPPENING HERE?
WHAT'S--
WHY IS HE EVEN IN THE ROOM?
LAST TIME, YOU TOLD ME
THAT HE PUSHED
A POCKET SQUARE IN YOUR MOUTH.
THAT'S THE LAST TIME
YOU EVER MENTIONED THIS PERSON.
- YEAH, BUT SINCE THE BEGINNING,
YOU HAVE BEGGED ME AND BEGGED ME
TO HELP ME.
I'VE NEVER ASKED YOU FOR HELP.
YOU BEGGED ME TO HELP ME.
IF YOU WERE TO HELP ME,
YOU WOULD NEVER CALL ME
"LITTLE LUIS."
YOU KNOW, IT'S ALWAYS A DRAMA.
LISTEN, IT DOESN'T FEEL TO ME
THAT YOU GENUINELY WANT TO HELP,
UNDERSTAND?
AND IT'S DISGUSTING.
IT'S DISGUSTING, AND I'VE HAD
ENOUGH OF THIS THING.
YOU.
- WHOA.
LUIS IS ACTING
LIKE A SPOILED CHILD.
I MEAN, I WORK SO HARD FOR ALL
MY BUSINESS RELATIONSHIPS,
AND HE'S ANGRY AT ME
FOR INTRODUCING HIM
TO ONE OF MY DEVELOPERS?
TALK ABOUT ENTITLEMENT.
DO YOU HAVE ANYTHING TO SAY?
I MEAN, SINCE YOU'RE
IN THE ROOM, I MEAN--
- THE MORE CONTROL
FREDRIK HAS OVER LUIS,
THE LESS OF A THREAT
LUIS IS TO FREDRIK'S BUSINESS
NOW AND IN THE LONG TERM.
THAT'S IT.
- LET'S NOT CREATE A SCENE.
LET'S GO--
LET'S GO OUTSIDE.
- YOU KNOW WHY
THINGS GO SO SOUTH?
HIS APPROACH IS NOT GENUINE.
'CAUSE IF IT WAS,
I WOULD HAVE FELT THAT,
AND I WOULD'VE NEVER GOTTEN
UPSET TO ANYTHING.
- I DON'T GET YOU, LUIS.
I TRY TO HELP.
YOU HAVE ME.
- [stammers]
- IF I HAD ME 12 YEARS AGO--
YOU HAVE ME.
LIKE, USE ME AS KNOWLEDGE.
I'M NOT TRYING TO--
- YOU ARE SO CAUGHT UP
WITH YOUR OWN [bleep], FREDRIK.
IT HAS NOTHING TO DO
WITH THE BUSINESS.
IT'S THE ESSENCE
OF HOW IT HAPPENED.
YOUR REAL INTENTIONS,
THAT IS THE PROBLEM.
- WHAT IS MY REAL INTENTION?
- I'LL TELL YOU WHAT
YOUR REAL INTENTION IS.
- WHAT IS MY REAL INTENTION?
TELL ME--NO, 'CAUSE I'M SO--
- YOU ARE SO--
LET ME TELL YOU.
YOU ARE SO CAUGHT UP
WITH YOUR SUCCESS IN REAL ESTATE
THAT YOU WANT TO "HELP"
JUST TO CONVINCE YOURSELF
THAT YOU'RE A GOOD PERSON.
BUT YOU'RE DOING IT FOR YOU.
I DON'T EVEN KNOW--
I MEAN, I DON'T EVEN KNOW
IF THAT'S HOW YOU TREAT DEREK.
IF THAT'S THE REASON WHY
YOU'RE EVEN WITH HIM,
I FEEL BAD FOR HIM TOO.
- IT'S ONE THING TO SAY,
"I DON'T NEED YOUR HELP."
THIS IS SOMETHING
VERY DIFFERENT.
THIS IS A PERSONAL ATTACK
AGAINST ME, MY FAMILY.
I WONDER--
I WONDER WHERE
ALL THIS IS COMING FROM,
BECAUSE IT DOESN'T
SOUND LIKE LUIS.
- IT'S SO SWEET AND TANGY.
- YEAH?
- YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND.
WE WERE GONNA START AND DO
THIS FREAKING THING TOGETHER.
YOU DON'T UNDERSTAND
WHAT I'M TRYING TO TEACH YOU.
- YOU'RE NOT HELPING ME
YOU'RE DIS-HELPING ME.
- THE PROBLEM WITH YOU,
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW WHO YOU ARE.
YOU WANT TO MAKE IT.
YOU WANT TO JUMP FROM HERE
UP TO HERE.
GO JUMP.
DO IT.
I'M NOT GONNA BE YOUR PARTNER.
I'M GONNA BE YOUR COMPETITOR.
THAT'S THE WAY YOU WANT IT?
THAT'S THE WAY
YOU WANT IT.
- WHAT A WEAK PIECE OF [bleep].
FREDRIK IS THE TOP BROKER
IN THE WORLD,
BUT TO ME,
HE IS THE BIGGEST BITCH.
AND IT'LL GROW INTO SOMETHING
THAT ONE DAY
WILL MAKE ME GO CRAZY.
AND YOU HAVE NO IDEA
WHAT I AM WHEN I GO CRAZY.
GET YOUR [bleep] TOGETHER.
[bleep] THIS GUY.
- IT'S NOT VERY WISE,
WHAT HE DID TONIGHT.
HE WANTS TO MAKE ME AN ENEMY?
LIKE, WITH HIM, RYAN,
THE TWO OF THEM?
SO BE IT.
HE JUST MADE THE BIGGEST MISTAKE
OF HIS ENTIRE CAREER.
I THINK HE'S GONNA BE SURPRISED.
[sighs]
THIS DOESN'T END HERE.
IT'S ACTUALLY
JUST THE BEGINNING.
- THEY'RE BUYING THE BORDEAUX,
LOT 27.
$4 MILLION, RIGHT?
YEAH.
LUIS REALLY CROSSED A LINE
LAST NIGHT
OUTSIDE HIS PARTY.
BUT I CAN'T LET THAT GET TO ME.
I HAVE A NEW DEVELOPMENT
TO SELL,
AND THAT'S WHERE I NEED
TO PUT MY FOCUS.
BUT IT'S NOT DONE
UNTIL IT'S DONE.
BYE, LOVE.
STAY WARM.
AH.
SO, BABE,
WE'RE DOING REALLY WELL
OUT THERE.
I'VE BEEN THINKING...
REMEMBER THAT FIRST HOUSE
WHEN WE CAME TO THE HAMPTONS?
- YEAH.
- WHAT IF YOU AND I
WOULD JUST BUY ONE?
- WHAT?
- TO HAVE A RETREAT
FROM THE CITY.
- ARE YOU BEING SERIOUS
ABOUT THIS?
- THINK ABOUT IT.
THE WHOLE LOWER RECREATION LEVEL
IS 1,884 SQUARE FEET.
THAT WHOLE LEVEL HERE,
YOU COULD JUST PAINT.
- OH, GOD,
IT'S A DREAM COME TRUE.
I MEAN, I'M IN SHOCK,
BUT, YEAH, I'D LOVE IT.
I MEAN, DEFINITELY.
- YOU KNOW,
ON A PERSONAL LEVEL,
I COULDN'T BE HAPPIER
WITH DEREK.
LIKE, OUR RELATIONSHIP,
OUR MARRIAGE IS AMAZING.
WE'VE HAD SOME DISAGREEMENTS
THIS YEAR ABOUT HAVING KIDS,
BUT I'M PROUD OF DEREK
AND HIS CAREER.
I'M HERE TODAY IN MY CAREER
BECAUSE I HAD THE FREEDOM
TO BUILD IT THE WAY THAT I DID.
SO IF DEREK NEEDS TIME,
I'M THERE TO HELP HIM
AND SUPPORT HIM
AND GIVE HIM THAT TIME.
AND NOW, WITH THIS HOUSE--
EVEN IF IT'S ONLY ON THE
WEEKENDS, THAT'S ENOUGH FOR ME.
BECAUSE GOD KNOWS,
MONDAY COMES,
I'M GONNA WANT TO BE IN THE CITY
AND SELL.
- AT THIS POINT IN MY CAREER,
MY BUSINESS IS BIGGER
THAN IT'S EVER BEEN.
BUT MY NUMBER ONE FOCUS
IS THE SKY GARAGE.
- RYAN, THANKS FOR JOINING US.
THAT IS THE MOST UNUSUAL
REAL ESTATE VIDEO
I'VE EVER SEEN.
AND YOU KNOW
THIS IS GONNA GO VIRAL.
I MEAN, IT'S A GREAT VIDEO.
RYAN, THANKS A LOT.
- YOU KNOW,
AT THE BEGINNING OF THIS YEAR,
I WAS JUST BEING RUTHLESS.
OPEN YOUR MOUTH.
- CAN YOU TAKE THIS GUY
OUT OF HERE?
- PUT THAT IN YOUR MOUTH.
- TAKE THIS GUY OUT.
- PUT IT IN YOUR MOUTH.
I THOUGHT, YOU KNOW,
THAT'S HOW YOU GOT TO DO IT
IN THIS BUSINESS.
AND I SAW MYSELF
JUST GOING DOWN A PATH
THAT I DIDN'T REALLY WANT
TO GO DOWN.
AND AS LIFE CHANGES...
- GREAT, THANK YOU SO MUCH.
- GREAT TO MEET YOU.
THANKS FOR COMING.
- THANK YOU.
- I'M REALIZING
THAT I THINK YOU CAN BE
A VERY, VERY STRONG BUSINESSMAN
BUT NOT BE
A TOTAL DOUCHE BAG.
THAT'S NOT THE PERSON
THAT I AM.
I HOPE.
- HEY.
- BUT EVEN THOUGH WORK IS
CRAZIER THAN IT'S EVER BEEN,
WHEN I COME HOME
AND I SEE EMILIA,
IT'S INCREDIBLY COMFORTING.
- WHAT'S GOING ON WITH YOU?
- [groans]
- OOH!
[chuckles]
- SHE IS HOME TO ME NOW.
- WHAT HAPPENED
BETWEEN ME AND FREDRIK,
I CANNOT DWELL ON.
MY FOCUS IS ON MY BUSINESS
AND NOT HIM.
JANET.
- HEY THERE.
HOW ARE YOU?
- VERY WELL.
I'VE BEEN WORKING SO HARD
ON SELLING 75 WALL STREET,
AND AT THE SAME TIME,
I'VE BEEN WORKING EQUALLY HARD
ON SELLING 30 LINCOLN PLAZA
FOR JANET AND THE MILSTEINS.
IT'S A 4 BEDROOM,
4 1/2 BATHROOM,
2,700 SQUARE FEET.
WE JUST RAISED THE PRICE
FROM 7.8 TO 8.4 MILLION
BECAUSE EVERYTHING ELSE
THAT HAS BEEN SOLD
IN THE BUILDING
HAS SOLD FOR OVER $3,100 A FOOT.
- SO THE WEST SIDE'S
COME A LONG WAY.
- OH, YES.
AND IF YOU'RE INTERESTED,
THEN GIVE ME A CALL.
HOPEFULLY,
WE CAN MAKE THIS HAPPEN.
-SALUD,GENTLEMEN.
-SALUD.
- AND AFTER ONLY THREE WEEKS,
I HAVE AMAZING NEWS
TO GIVE HER.
IT'S BEEN SUCH A RIDE, YOU KNOW,
WITH UPS AND DOWNS
AND DISAPPOINTMENTS OF MYSELF.
BUT TODAY, I HAVE WHAT I BELIEVE
ARE VERY GOOD NEWS.
- OKAY.
I'M LISTENING.
- AS OF LAST NIGHT,
I GOT AN OFFER
AT $8.5 MILLION,
ALL CASH, CLOSING IN 30 DAYS.
- WOW.
- [laughs]
- WOW, THAT IS AWESOME.
OH, I'M SO PROUD OF YOU.
- YOU KNOW WHAT,
THIS WAS A HELL OF A YEAR.
- THAT WAS AWESOME.
- I HAVE MET INCREDIBLE PEOPLE,
INCREDIBLE FRIENDS.
- YES!
[both laughing]
- AND THIS YEAR,
I WAS DEDICATED
TO START BUILDING
THAT CREDIBILITY
THAT'S GONNA TAKE ME
TO THE NEXT LEVEL.
- YOU'VE GROWN,
AND YOU'VE MATURED,
AND YOU'VE REALLY BECOME
A STELLAR POINT OF NEW YORK.
- I'M PROUD OF MYSELF.
I ACTUALLY AM.
YEAH.
SKY'S THE LIMIT.
TO FUTURE BUSINESS.
- FUTURE BUSINESS.
- NEXT WEEK,
ON THEMILLION DOLLAR LISTING
NEW YORKREUNION...
- FOR THREE SEASONS,
I HAVE OUTSOLD
THE OTHER TWO GUYS.
THAT'S A FACT.
- OH, YOU HAVE AN OFFER.
WHOO-HOO-HOO-HOO.
- THE TRUTH IS, YOU DON'T--
- WHOO!
THAT'S NOT FUNNY.
WHAT THE [bleep]?
- THAT IS FUNNY.
- THAT'S AWKWARD.
YOU'RE CALLING ME
[bleep]STICK, COCKHOLE.
- I DIDN'T SAY THAT
TO YOUR FACE.
- I THINK IT WOULD BE THE STRAW
THAT BREAKS THE CAMEL'S BACK.
- I DON'T KNOW WHAT THAT MEANS,
BUT I DON'T LIKE IT.
- HE MEANS THAT HE THINKS
YOUR RELATIONSHIP
WOULDN'T SURVIVE.
- I MAKE FUN OF PEOPLE.
IT IS WHAT IT IS.
FEEL FREE TO MAKE FUN OF ME.
- OH, MY GOD.
- THERE'S NO CRYING
IN REAL ESTATE.
- I'VE BEEN THROUGH SO MUCH,
ANDY.
I--
MOTHER[bleep].
[crying]
I'M SORRY.
- FOR MOREMILLION DOLLAR
LISTING NEW YORK,
CHECK OUT BRAVOTV.COM.